cautious
I beg you.
You let me see the man one last time
cautious
Wei Yan
It's bitter.
Grandma was so nice to you
How could you?
How can you do it?
This Life
It's not me, you can wrong me however you want before
But in the case of grandma
You can't doubt my respect and love for my grandmother
Hey you broom star
Since you married into the Lu family
The Lu family has never been clean
Now even grandma is poisoned
kill for life
Be careful, call the police, grab a bitch
Be careful I didn't
I admit that if grandma hadn't been thinking about coming to me
He won't have an accident.
But really not my village grandma lover
You are still stubborn
kill for life
cautious
Don't go outside, there is surveillance
You can check the surveillance.
You'll know as soon as you check, you actually know there is surveillance
When you commit a crime, you evade surveillance
You think we're stupid?
I don't think there is any need to check the monitoring, right?
Forever
I see.
It's family
Grandma whose family cheated
It was the family who sent the butler Duke
cautious
Butler Lu has worked for the Lu family since his ancestors
Worked hard for decades
Your brain is frozen to half of the Lu family
Classical Chinese
I think you are dying
Do you really think I killed grandma?
Yes
murderer